docs: Add GraphQL object unnesting (#298)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/data-connectors/graphql.md

| North America | Saint Barthélemy    | Gustavia     |
+---------------+---------------------+--------------+
```

### Unnesting object properties

You can also use the `unnest_depth` parameter to control automatic unnesting of objects from GraphQL responses.

> For this example, we'll use the GitHub stargazers endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This examples uses the GitHub stargazers endpoint:
```

```yaml
from: graphql:https://api.github.com/graphql
name: stargazers
params:
  auth_token: [github_token]
  unnest_depth: 2
  json_path: data.repository.stargazers.edges
  query: |
    {
      repository(name: "spiceai", owner: "spiceai") {
        id
        name
        stargazers(first: 100) {
          edges {
            node {
              id
              name
              login
            }
          }
          pageInfo {
            hasNextPage
            endCursor
          }
        }

      }
    }
```

> If `unnest_depth` is set to 0, or unspecified, object unnesting is disabled. When enabled, unnesting automatically pops up nested fields to the parent level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `unnest_depth` is set to 0, or unspecified, object unnesting is disabled. When enabled, unnesting automatically moves nested fields to the parent level.
```

> Without unnesting, stargazers data normally looks like this in a query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without unnesting, stargazers data looks like this in a query:
```

```bash
sql> select node from stargazers limit 1;
+------------------------------------------------------------+
| node                                                       |
+------------------------------------------------------------+
| {id: MDQ6VXNlcjcwNzIw, login: ashtom, name: Thomas Dohmke} |
+------------------------------------------------------------+
```

> With unnesting, these properties are automatically popped up into their own columns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With unnesting, these properties are automatically placed into their own columns:
```
